feat(Builder): support output.merge / resolve.merge / resolve.get in bundler-chain (#3382)
web-infra-dev/modern.js: packages/document/builder-doc/docs/en/guide/advanced/rspack-start.mdx

In addition to the above configurations, some of the supported configurations may have differences in their capabilities. For specific differences in configurations, please refer to the corresponding API for each configuration.
:::

### Migrating from webpackChain to bundlerChain

> Builder supports modifying Rspack config via [bundler-chain](/api/config-tools.html#toolsbundlerchain). configurations modified via bundler chain will take effect on both webpack and Rspack builds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Builder supports modifying Rspack config via [bundlerChain](/api/config-tools.html#toolsbundlerchain). configurations modified via bundlerChain will take effect on both webpack and Rspack builds.
```
